C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication2\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
c:\Users\tohid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Codekade\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\StoreCrm\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Data.Entity.Repository.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\UrumiumMVC.DomainClasses.dll.config
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EFSecondLevelCache.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.pdb
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\RefactorThis.GraphDiff.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.Extensions.xml
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.dll
D:\ارومیوم\Pezeshkan\UrumiumWithIdentity\DataLayer\obj\Debug\DataLayer.pdb
